DAOS-16636 cart: force port range for tcp provider (#15209)
daos-stack/daos: docs/admin/predeployment_check.md

for its management service. If this port is blocked by firewall rules, neither `dmg` nor the
`daos_agent` on a remote node will be able to contact the DAOS server(s).

If telemetry is enabled in the server configuration file, the telemetry port (9191 by default)
must also be accessible on the DAOS server nodes.

> Depending of the provider that is used, ech engine might also listens on a range of ports. This is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the provider used, each engine might also listen on a range of ports. This is
```

the case for the tcp provider. This range will start at the fabric_iface_port specified in the

> server yaml file and use 2 ports for management, 1 port per target and helper xstream. For instance,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server YAML file and use two ports for management, one port per target and helper xstream. For instance,
```

> with fabric_iface_port set to 20000, 16 targets and 4 helper streams, the engine will listen on port

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with fabric_iface_port set to 20000, 16 targets and 4 helper streams, the engine will listen on ports
```

> range from 20000 to 20021 for a total of 22 ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the range from 20000 to 20021 for a total of 22 ports.
```

> Moreover, there are cases where a engine might have to initiate a connection to a running application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, there are cases where an engine might have to initiate a connection to a running application.
```

> In this case, inbound connection from the storage nodes to the compute nodes must be allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, inbound connections from the storage nodes to the compute nodes must be allowed.
```

> The default port range use by applications is 20100-21100 with the tcp provider. This can be modified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default port range used by applications is 20100-21100 with the tcp provider. This can be modified
```
